the cvc fiúza offer show is in the air and
all good and also found one hundred
good jewelry the season of the great trips
is up here on cvc
many people are buying their
travel in advance for several
reasons why on the day of the trip
You're pretty much all taken away.
and it also makes your
life because you can program the
henry exactly personal you like
to do in advance guarantees the
better prices better conditions if
program you will always be able to
best rates the best conditions
mourning and here today we are launching a
exclusive group of the CVC for Fiúza
salinas de maragogi resort group very
beautiful in a wonderful place where you have the
natural pools where you can do
the dives with the fish are something of
other world including us already visited the
salinas de maragogi an explendor place
Cute ozu all inclusive for you to eat at
Will you have a very interesting video?
I want to show you to the people now.
From home
about a couple who attends the
salinas de maragogi
Let's watch from now on and let's go
so let's go there, you can go there
coming here we do not care about
nothing right that comes here at the resort is only
enjoy and various activities during
all day
before going to do sand volleyball sport
football incriminate water gymnastics now
at boot kayak tour service
which is wonderful what maragogi resort
offers and being of the best paradise this
argentina maria godinho
the saline pleases everyone not only the
newly married but it is also a space that
attracts a lot of the best age
which has much comfort or good food
ease and that untouchable nature
not your age, but also families
because it has a framework for
child and with pool monitors
that the children are practically the day
all playing with the beach that does not have
a lot of waves so parents can stay
quiet that children can play
in the front it has in the kiosks where the parents
there are fewer children sitting in the
with the entire structure of the system
all inclusive you said you are
with food and drink all at ease the day
everything and on this trip we have to
participation of an official
of cbc that will accompany the whole group
exactly we're going to have an employee
cvc accompanying this group that will leave
from here on the 20th of
October when this trip is a
of R $ 200 and 10 installments of
351 already with boarding fee included in the
price to pay nothing else food and drink
everything at ease
eight-day airfare departing from
black stream brings sides and convenience
the all inclusive that only line
Maragogi offers you the entry of
200 reais and 10 plots lines of 351
real air and back system all
including all alcoholic drinks
breakfast breakfast dinner smec during
the day 10 installments of 350 thousand reais and
plus 200 short stories and that
travel is very special because it is for the
closed group of 20 people in a
vip trip
It's really worth your while to check out this
and more than that if you program there
To travel in the second half of the week
Come on, we're back with one more.
cvc fiúza offers show
there even more personal